hello my name is 5 c
Today 's tip is a quick tip but
very important is about metadata and it
is part of the article metadados no light
15 posted there in the photo tips
brasil.com.br for those who do not
accompanied this is the third video of the
series about lighting the first over
catalogs the second is about importing
photos and now about the metadata that are
very important things in haiti
so here's an explanation why
serves the metadata or the metadata
to serve you put information
your photo
if you, for example, do a job for
a person for a customer delivers these
photos for her to publish on the
facebook on instagram in several places
and not necessarily give you the credits
and when we work with the customer
We can not put a watermark on you.
It's very good to think so, but if I
to redial water then is not
subject to it
in fact you are always subject to
this but from the moment you
places the data within the required photo
Do not you rather decrease that
risk because because google indexes and
it requires end
so if you, for example, put yourselves
within its metadata the copyright of the
your photo your client publishes and you
do a google search this photo will go
appear to be yours then I think a
extremely important and very important
simple to use
so come on, I can create it
preserve yourself with these methods
huh
I actually create a basic crib
here with my name is my body right
Simple things that I will leave ready
for every time I gave input
My Photos in Haiti in every time
I was able to import photos into Haiti I can
apply this preset and all photos
automatically assemble with this data
that's when I want them to have it clear that
can change you can create several
different processes for reasons
many different
you can have more of the kind of work and
things like that
but I'll create a basics here and you
You can also apply photo by photo
I prefer to apply in the entrance but you
You can also apply here a
example is how you import your
photos on light on
faith is the visualization you will have and
here you will get it here
metadata here then
it shows you know the
metadata of this photo here that is
selected
This photo is pictures of exercises done.
in the same photo shop you are
photos were taken by an Ana student
paula tatiana that already brings the dimension of
photo is not saying she was guilty
which is a guilty machine that she is
using the time that happens on the radio
the exposure is seeing the aperture iso no
use the flash is a canoe 40 channel of either
say the formal data I wish you too
has an article on the site there is really cool
you can see there
so here what I'm going to do here I
can i just bookmark this photo?
create here for example the creator of the photo
is not that in the case of ana paula to vote
here is copyright as if it were mine
but it's just to exemplify I like
much use this shortcut key that the
alt 0cm 12pt o haiti
come back here yes be well in having and this
photo here is going to have it in there
exhibits her as her creator
if you click on the side you will not have
people have to do this once and can
bookmark all and create select all I
I'll put the breeder here.
09 50 's enter and it will complicate and it will
ask if he wants you to apply this
goal of this market in all the photos
I'll say yes
and here it is just move from one to the other
The stage that is down here is already
a creator and which metadata are the most
important for you to put so let's go
create a gift here and come the date
to edit the gifts in this case I will
create one
and here is the basic information that
you can put and what are the most
important that I consider copyright and
creator
so I'm going to create a copyright here
I'll put the 1 069 on the button
was the copyright symbol
to vote yes that being here can say that
she is in the public domain she is
Copyright and watched as I already voted
here's this symbol here so i 'll say
that she is with 4 to whom are the
terms
I will not put it here but there you can
place here until the address of the laws
Brazilian copyright and the terms right
Here creator, yes, that being you can
put the address is I always put
I did not vote on the internet address.
there are obvious reasons but it can be
address of your studio you have
interest that has rio de janeiro rj
Brazil phone, I think this is
important
I will not put the rest and half
This is really cool because even on the flick and
then you can see if these
information
and then someone suddenly liked your
work is going on there exists information and
has all the information on how to get there
even you a website
I have my personal website but I have
photo tips
I'm going to put photogenics here.
brasil.com.br
here you can put who did the
work is if I even then
these data here are the ones I think most
important than leaving a preset
to put in all your photos right?
here you can see that there are other
more information but I think more
interesting to leave only those two in the
This entry already saved
you can create a multitude of things
here then done all this already put
your name your data right there
I will apply for damages and he will
ask if I want to save and I'll go
save common and bias and I'll put here
who already feel that they are the
my basic information
in my building ready and here I can
put check all control and here in
37 put copyright 50 and it goes
ask if I want to apply all the
photos selected I say yes
and you come here and welcome
all my photos are going to have to
is committed to all information
I put it and this is what I hope
I hope you use them because
really important and accompanies a
site photo of 2 brasil.com.br until
next